[SSL] Expand DCV troubleshooting (#13972)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/ssl/edge-certificates/changing-dcv-method/troubleshooting.md

Taking into account the [steps involved in DCV](/ssl/edge-certificates/changing-dcv-method/dcv-flow/), some situations may interfere with certificate issuance and renewal.

> While [blocked validation URLs](#blocked-validation-url) or [misconfigured DNS settings](#dns-settings-and-records) interfere with the {{<glossary-tooltip term_id="Certificate Authority (CA)">}}certificate authority (CA){{</glossary-tooltip>}} ability to finish the validation process and may have to be addressed by you in Cloudflare or at your authoritative DNS provider, there can also be [errors on the CA side](#ca-errors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Blocked validation URLs](#blocked-validation-url) or [misconfigured DNS settings](#dns-settings-and-records) might interfere with the {{<glossary-tooltip term_id="Certificate Authority (CA)">}}certificate authority's{{</glossary-tooltip>}} ability to finish the validation process. In these situations, you may need to update your configuration at Cloudflare or at your authoritative DNS provider. Additionally, there can also be [errors on the CA side](#ca-errors).
```
The sentence was becoming quite long... added a proposal to split it in three.

{{<render file="_dcv-path-security.md">}}
{{</Aside>}}

## DNS settings and records

The errors below refer to situations that have to be addressed at the authoritative DNS provider:

* `the Certificate Authority had trouble performing a DNS lookup: dns problem: looking up caa for nsheiapp.codeacloud.com: dnssec: bogus`
* `Certificate authority encountered a SERVFAIL during DNS lookup, please check your DNS reachability.`

Consider the following when troubleshooting:

- [DNSSEC](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/dns-security/) must be configured correctly. You can use [DNSViz](https://dnsviz.net/) to understand and troubleshoot the deployment of DNSSEC.
- Your [CAA records](/ssl/edge-certificates/caa-records/) should allow Cloudflare's partner [certificate authorities (CAs)](/ssl/reference/certificate-authorities/) to issue certificates on your behalf.
- The HTTP verification process is done preferably over **IPv6**, so if any `AAAA` record exists and does not point to the same dual-stack location as the `A` record, the validation will fail.

## CA errors

### Rate limiting

{{<render file="_error-rate-limiting.md">}}

### Internal errors

> When, during the CA check portion of the [DCV flow](/ssl/edge-certificates/changing-dcv-method/dcv-flow/), the certificate authority finds an issue, you may see a `Internal error with Certificate Authority` message. In this case, either wait or try a different certificate authority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the certificate authority finds an issue during the CA check portion of the [DCV flow](/ssl/edge-certificates/changing-dcv-method/dcv-flow/), you may see a `Internal error with Certificate Authority` message. In this case, either wait or try a different certificate authority.
```
I believe the sentence is more readable this way... but it's up to you. :)
